docs: add disk usage / memory usage benchmark table (#751)
jina-ai/clip-as-service: docs/user-guides/server.md

## Model support

> Open AI has released 9 models so far. `ViT-B/32` is used as default model in all runtimes. Due to the limitation of some runtime, not every runtime supports all nine models. Please also note that different model give different size of output dimensions. This will affect your downstream applications. For example, switching the model from one to another make your embedding incomparable, which breaks the downstream applications. Below is a list of supported models of each runtime and its corresponding size. We also include a sample disk usage and peak memory usage when running with a single Nvidia TITAN RTX GPU with 24 GB memory and with a batch size of 256.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open AI has released 9 models so far. `ViT-B/32` is used as default model in all runtimes. Due to the limitation of some runtime, not every runtime supports all nine models. Please also note that different model give different size of output dimensions. This will affect your downstream applications. For example, switching the model from one to another make your embedding incomparable, which breaks the downstream applications. Below is a list of supported models of each runtime and its corresponding size. We include the disk usage (in delta) and the peak memory usage (in delta) when running on a single Nvidia TITAN RTX GPU (24GB VRAM) when `batch_size=256`.
```

> Open AI has released 9 models so far. `ViT-B/32` is used as default model in all runtimes. Due to the limitation of some runtime, not every runtime supports all nine models. Please also note that different model give different size of output dimensions. This will affect your downstream applications. For example, switching the model from one to another make your embedding incomparable, which breaks the downstream applications. Below is a list of supported models of each runtime and its corresponding size. We include the disk usage (in delta) and the peak RAM and VRAM usage (in delta) when running on a single Nvidia TITAN RTX GPU (24GB VRAM) using a default `batch_size=32` in server and a default `batch_size=8` in client.

Reviewer: i believe on the server it is not called `batch_size` but `mini_batch_size`?

| Model          | PyTorch | ONNX | TensorRT | Output Dimension | Disk Usage (MB) | Peak Memory Usage (GB) | 
|----------------|---------|------|----------|------------------|-----------------|------------------------|
| RN50           | ✅       | ✅    | ✅        | 1024             | 256             | 4.25                   |
| RN101          | ✅       | ✅    | ✅        | 512              | 292             | 4.28                   |
| RN50x4         | ✅       | ✅    | ✅        | 640              | 422             | 6.92                   |
| RN50x16        | ✅       | ✅    | ❌        | 768              | 661             | 13.01                  |
| RN50x64        | ✅       | ✅    | ❌        | 1024             | 1382            | 20.26                  |
| ViT-B/32       | ✅       | ✅    | ✅        | 512              | 351             | 2.19                   |
| ViT-B/16       | ✅       | ✅    | ✅        | 512              | 354             | 3.90                   |
| ViT-L/14       | ✅       | ✅    | ✅        | 768              | 933             | 5.38                   |

> | ViT-L/14-336px | ✅       | ✅    | ❌        | 768              | 934             | 11.36                  |

Reviewer: what about VRAM? thats very important.

> | ViT-L/14-336px | ✅       | ✅    | ❌        | 768              | 934             | 3.67                | 11.36               |

Reviewer: on RAM and vRAM, either the number is wrong or the column names are wrong. Please check again

Author: I quickly reran the test and noticed that the RAM usage is under-calculated by ~20%. The table is updated

> | ViT-L/14-336px | ✅       | ✅    | ❌        | 768              | 934             | 5.07                | 11.36                |

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2041322/173507140-3f38d7f8-5733-4556-8be6-288dfc9a64af.png)

This number is impossible. In general, I believe the whole column is wrong.
- We run 2 `ViT-L/14-336px` on Berlin GPU for the last 2 months and together they take 5GB VRAM. 
- see also similar usage on Google Colab https://jina-ai.slack.com/archives/CTH1CMP8V/p1655126173106729
<img width="1075" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2041322/173507357-37f9b467-954a-475b-ae0a-23947fd76de4.png">

Author: In fact, the VRAM data is not wrong. I think the reason I got a large VRAM value is that I was using a mini-batch of size 256 in clip-server. If I stick to the default value, the VRAM indeed drops to ~4GB.

Author: I think I should clarify on that in the docs

Author: I see. Using a different batch size indeed introduces some confusion. Will update the table

Open AI has released 9 models so far. `ViT-B/32` is used as default model in all runtimes. Due to the limitation of some runtime, not every runtime supports all nine models. Please also note that different model give different size of output dimensions. This will affect your downstream applications. For example, switching the model from one to another make your embedding incomparable, which breaks the downstream applications. Here is a list of supported models of each runtime and its corresponding size:

> | Model          | PyTorch | ONNX | TensorRT | Output dimension | Disk Usage | Peak Memory Usage | 

Reviewer 2: `Disk Usage` please also explain the memory unit. For `Peak Memory Usage`, please also provide what's the context, e.g., the GPU device info, the batch size

Author: Yes right now it is just a placeholder, am adding more details
